Updated contributing (#79)
infi-nl/the-infi-way: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribute to The Infi Way?

Thank you for your interest in helping build The Infi Way!
We're always curious for new viewpoints.

Seen something that can be better?
Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/infi-nl/the-infi-way/issues/new).
[Pull requests](https://github.com/infi-nl/the-infi-way/pulls) are also welcome.
If you want to run The Infi Way locally, please continue reading.

> To begin development, first fork the repository. This creates a copy to your personal github account, to which you can push your changes. When finished, you can create a pull request(PR) to the main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin development, first [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) this repository. This creates a copy of the repository in your personal Github account that allows you to create branches and push commits. Create a feature branch with an applicable name (`improve-feature-x` or `fix-bug-y`) and commit & push your changes to it. When finished, you can create a [PR](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) from your fork's feature branch to the `main` branch of the [original repository](https://github.com/infi-nl/the-infi-way).
```

For more information on how to create a PR, see [github's official documentation for creating pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).

> It is important to contain your changes to 1 (one) PR per issue. This keeps the code easy to review and allows people to work on seperate parts of the Infi Way seperately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to contain your changes to 1 (one) PR per issue. This keeps the code easy to review and allows people to work on separate parts of the Infi Way separately.
```

Usage is as follows:

```shell
# Install packages

> npm install

Reviewer: Do we want to use `npm install` or `npm ci`?

Reviewer 2: I'd say `install`, since that will generally be faster (as `ci` first removes the entire `node_modules`, always forcing a full reinstall).

Reviewer: Okay, but a new contributor generally _doesn't_ have `node_modules` right? And `npm install` might cause unexpected or undesired updates to your `package-lock.json`.

Reviewer 2: > a new contributor generally doesn't have node_modules right?

That's true yeah, but for subsequent installs it can make a significant difference.

> npm install might cause unexpected or undesired updates to your package-lock.json

It really shouldn't, unless we messed up somewhere :sweat_smile: Cause that would mean we edited the `package.json` without making sure the lock is also updated.

Anyway, either option is fine with me, just wanted to point out the potential drawbacks :)
